[Bug] fix: Add back --domain and --remove-domain for provisioner CRUD (#690)
smallstep/cli: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### TEMPLATE -- do not alter or remove
---
## [x.y.z] - UNKNOWN
### Added
### Changed
### Deprecated
### Removed
### Fixed
### Security
---

> ## [0.21.0] - UNKNOWN
> ### Added
> ### Changed
> ### Deprecated
> ### Removed
> ### Fixed
> - Added back --domain and --remove-domain flags to provisioner CRUD
> ### Security

Reviewer: According to https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

This should be something like:
```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
### Fixed
- Added back --domain and --remove-domain flags to provisioner CRUD
```
